# hello-world
## My name is Brandi Fletcher
* I am married. My husband's name is Daniel. We have been married for 12 years.
* We have three dogs. An 10 year old beagle named Roscoe Mudflap, a 3 year old Basset Hound named Bodie, and a 4 year old Basset Hound named Squishy aka Patty.
* We foster Bassets and Beagles to help save dogs that find themselves lost, neglected or unwanted find new loving homes.
* I have been a soccer (futbol) referee for 18 years. I have refereed at the collegiate level since 2013 and have refereed NCAA post season tournament games, JUCO, NAIA, D2, & D1 conference tournament games, as well as the SoCon D1 women's championship. This last fall, I officiated the JUCO (NJCAA) Men's National D2 semi-final and the Women's National D2 final. I have been selected for youth regionals 3 time by Tennessee (United States Soccer) and have officiated more high school championships and finals than I care to remember. It's been a LONG career. I now assign high school referees for the Shoals area and mentor referees for the United States Soccer Federation (USSF).
* I started coaching youth soccer in the fall of 2024. I coached under 19, 16, and 12 girls. I obtained a coaching certificate from US Soccer as well as a D coaching license in 2024. I hope to earn my C coaching license this fall. My new team for the fall is an under 10 girls team so that will be challenging for me as I specialize in tactics rather than fundamentals. I look forward to a new challenge and I hope the players and I learn and grow a lot together!
* I am originally from NE Tennessee and spent a great deal of my childhood on the base of the Appalachian Mountains (think 45 minutes away from where Dolly Parton is from) with my grandparents on their beef cattle farm. Their appalachian accent was VERY thick, even for the area, and I speak exactly like they do with a very noticable thick twang and draw of a southerner that is so pronounced even people in Alabama notice it. Spending a lot of my childhood with them was a very informative experience. I was very fortunate enough to learn a lot of hard skills that have come in VERY hand as I have gone through life.
* I have focused on soccer as a career mainly since 2013 and closed my businesses when we moved to Alabama. I am wishing to pivot away from soccer and my original degree topic of Business Managment to data analytics as I feel it is a better fit for my autism spectrum disorder.
